clarification (#860)
root-project/web: blog/_posts/2023-05-30-new-class-tscatter.md

2D Scatter plots are a very popular way to represent scientific data. [Many scientific plotting
packages](https://matplotlib.org/stable/gallery/shapes_and_collections/scatter.html#sphx-glr-gallery-shapes-and-collections-scatter-py)

> have this functionality. For many years ROOT itself offers this kind of visualization via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have this functionality. For many years, ROOT itself has offered this kind of visualization via:
```

  - [The option `P` to draw TGraph](https://root.cern/doc/master/classTGraphPainter.html#GrP1):
    A marker is  drawn at each point positions but all markers will have the same size and the same color.
  - [The `COL` option of `TTree::Draw()`](https://root.cern/doc/master/classTTree.html#a73450649dc6e54b5b94516c468523e45):
    `tree.Draw("e1:e2:e3","","col")` produces a 2D scatter plot with `e1` vs `e2`, and e3 is mapped on the current
    color palette. That's a bit better as it allows to draw three variables on a 2D plot. But

>     one need to create a {% include ref class="TTree" %} or a {% include ref class="TNtuple" %} which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    one needs to create a {% include ref class="TTree" %} or a {% include ref class="TNtuple" %} which is
```

      s[i] = 400*r->Rndm(i);
   }

   auto scatter = new TScatter(n, x, y, c, s);
   scatter->SetMarkerStyle(20);
   scatter->SetMarkerColor(kRed);
   scatter->SetTitle("Scatter plot;X;Y");

>    scatter->Draw("A");

Reviewer: It would be nicer for new tutorials/code snippets to avoid bare `new` and instead use stack-based variables whenever possible, or `unique_ptr` otherwise. In this case, the following should perfectly work

```cpp
TScatter scatter{n, x, y, c, s};
scatter.SetMarkerStyle(20);
scatter.SetMarkerColor(kRed);
scatter.SetTitle("Scatter plot;X;Y");
scatter.Draw("A");
```

Reviewer: Also, could you apply the same style to previous examples in this snippet? Such as `new TRandom` and `new TCanvas`.

Author: TScatter scatter{n, x, y, c, s};
...
scatter.Draw("A");

That does not work, it produces a blanck canvas (as expected).

Reviewer: that's too bad :(

Reviewer: Any chance to wrap the classes in `std::unique_ptr` at least?

Author: How ?

Author: This class follows the model of all graphics classes TGraph, TLine Txxx ... that would not make sense to code it another way.
